Hey, as long as I win Xu Qi
This antelope is the turtle in our dreams
Hahaha I didn’t expect that
In recent years, your kid has actually
Run an underground industry
Hahaha, you really have the solution
Why
If you don’t pick up the style of your father and me back then, hahaha
It’s all your legacy hahaha
Oh, it's all my master
Why is Fan Yueying such a bitch with her elbows pointing outwards?
goods
Hey, why are you bringing up that bitch?
Come and let me toast you
Ha ha ha ha
What should I do if the antelope comes again?
snort
Even if he knows we did it
So what can I do?
Will he dare to come if I lend him courage?
Ah ha ha ha ha
Really?
So lively
You didn’t even call me when the show started.
You are still alive
My son said yes
Immediate Company Casino
Sorry about the casino, Mr. Fan.
Your casino is now mine
casino
what are you going to do
what do you want to do
According to Mr. Fan’s wishes
Cut off your tendons and hamstrings
dog making whistle
Don't even think about it
Kind
Kind of haha
Ha, have you thought about it?
continue
Ah shoot
etc.
Come on
How could I send someone to fire the gun this time? I don’t need it anymore.
Let's make it clear
Cut off your own tendons and hamstrings
Be Mr. Fan’s dog
Let Mr. Fan do whatever he wants
Don't don't
You just let me go these days
I can't let you suffer any more grievances because of me
Walk quickly. The further you go, the better.
give up give up
I will definitely save you
Why is there so much nonsense?
stop
Stop, I have a third way
Hey, mom, as long as you take Xu Qi
This antelope is the turtle of our dreams
Hahaha, I didn't expect it.
You kid, these years
Run an underground business
Hahaha, it is still your kid who has a way
Hey
If you do not pick up your father's style back then, hahaha.
It is all from your inheritance, hahaha.
Oops, it is all my lord
Why is Fan Yueying a bitch with her elbows facing out?
goods
Hey, what is Dad doing with that bitch?
Here, let me toast you.
Hahahaha
What should I do if the antelope comes again?
Humph
Even if he knew we did it
So what?
I will lend him a dare. Does he dare to come?
Ahahahaha
Is it yo
It is so lively!
Do not call me at the start of the show
You are still alive
Son says yes
The company's casino
Casino, sorry, Fan Shao
Your casino is now mine
Casino
What are you doing?
What do you want?
According to Fan Shao
Break your hamstrings and hamstrings
Cooking whistle dog
Do not think about it. Do not think about it.
kind of
Kind of haha
Ha, have you thought about it?
continue
Ah shoot
And so forth.
Go ahead.
How did I send someone to put the gun this time? I do not need it.
Let's make it clear
Break your hand tendons and hamstrings
Be Fan Shao's dog
Let Fan Shao handle it
No, no.
You let me say that in a few days
I can't let you suffer for me anymore
Go, the farther you go, the better
give up give up
I will definitely save you.
Why is there so much nonsense?
Stop
Stop! I have a third option